---
layout: post
title:      "Meta_Post  "
date:       2019-08-18 17:13:56 +0000
permalink:  meta_post
---

After One month of being part of a bootcamp coding program I can say It if fully worth the cost of admission. I first got interested in a career in coding after a date with a woman who "Self taught herself" (redundancy for effect and lols) and after 4 years got hired. Yes, 4 years of self directed, self motivated work and a flew community classes later she had that great dream coding job. I was hesitant to attempt to spend 4 years but a coworker who was one semester shy of a software engineering degree (and changed to medicine) told me to "Just code, don't worry about how long it takes". With that I started JavaScrippting and a year later I didn't know what to do after. I kind just looked online and I though React was the most logical step. I built a custom play SPA where you could type in anything and have it spit out how Trump would say it back on codepen.io. But It was taking so long and I felt like I didn't know exaclty how to get better. So I finally decided to go back to school. These days just knowing how to code is probably better than the Degree. Now 30+ days in I'm almost as good as a Ruby developer as a JS developer. The deadlines, direction to follow, and assignments really get you to progress and get better. I am so excited and when I code and I get something working I absolutely LOVE it. I am so energize when my code works. This is mostly just a testimonial but yep...It was a great choice to just dive in and join the online Software program!
